Beneath decorations of pink, red, and white, girls danced with their sweethearts. My sights, however, were set upon she who sat alone at one of the tables, her chocolate brown eyes scanning the crowd. Between her thumb and index finger she twirled a pink rose. Her name was Vanessa, and she was, without a doubt, the prettiest girl in school, not just because of her looks but also because of her sweet, innocent disposition. From the moment I first saw her, I was lovestruck, though I could never muster up the courage to tell her how I felt. At least today I could leave her a Valentine's Day gift.

"Did your date stand you up?" I asked, approaching her. "I guess." she sighed. "I don't even know who it is, only that they left this rose at my locker. It has this card tied to it that says, 'To the prettiest girl in school'." "Ooh, sounds like you got a secret admirer." I teased, nudging her shoulder. She smiled timidly, her cheeks turning red. "Punch?" I offered, holding out one of two cups. "Thank you." she said, taking it. We continued conversing, all the while watching others dance to the music that played. After about fifteen minutes, Vanessa began to grow disoriented. "Hey, are you alright?" I asked as she slouched over, head in her hands. "I...I'm not sure." she groaned. "I feel...lightheaded all of a sudden." "Here." I said, helping her up. "Let's get you outside for some fresh air."

Outside the gymnasium, I knelt by Vanessa as she tried to regain her composure. "I think...I need to go...home now." she managed to say. "I'll call my parents; I can't...drive like this." "Well how about I bring you home?" I suggested. "Are you...sure?" she asked. "I don't...wanna be a...burden." "I have nothing better to do." I answered, shrugging. "Well...okay." she mumbled as I guided her to my car and buckled her into the passenger seat. As I started the car and pulled out of the parking lot, my heart pounded with excitement; I was looking forward to bringing the prettiest girl in school home...with me anyway. "Thanks again....for...helping me." she slurred before her eyes fluttered closed. "Anything for my favorite student." I replied.


###
Author: AQbL5494
Date: Tue Feb 7 14:52:06 2017 UTC
Link: http://archive.is/x5lza
